Add the `loki-stack` part (#87)
scalar-labs/helm-charts: docs/getting-started-logging.md

# Getting Started with Helm Charts (Logging using Loki Stack)

> This document explains how to get started with Scalar products logging on Kubernetes using Loki Stack (loki + promtail).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document explains how to get started with log aggregation for Scalar products on Kubernetes using Grafana Loki (with Promtail).
```

> We assume that you already read the [getting-started](./getting-started-monitoring.md) for monitoring Scalar products and installed kube-prometheus-stack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We assume that you have already read the [getting-started with monitoring](./getting-started-monitoring.md) for Scalar products and installed kube-prometheus-stack.
```

## Environment

> We will create the `loki-stack` part of the following figure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will create the `loki-stack` component in the following diagram.
```

| | +-------+------+  +------+-------+  +------+-------+ |                                         |
| |         |                |                 |         |                                         |
| |         +----------------+-----------------+         |                                         |
| |                          |                           |                                         |
| +--------------------------+---------------------------+                                         |
|                            |                                                                     |
|                            |         Kubernetes (minikube)                                       |
+----------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------+
                             | <- expose to localhost (127.0.0.1)
                             |
              (Access Dashboard through HTTP)
                             |
                        +----+----+
                        | Browser |
                        +---------+
```

## Step 1. Prepare a custom values file

> 1. Get the sample file [scalar-loki-stack-custom-values.yaml](./conf/scalar-loki-stack-custom-values.yaml) for `loki-stack`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Get the sample file [scalar-loki-stack-custom-values.yaml](./conf/scalar-loki-stack-custom-values.yaml) for the `loki-stack` helm chart.
```

> ## Step 2. Deploy `loki-stack`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 2. Deploy the `loki-stack` helm chart
```

1. Add the `grafana` helm repository.
   ```console
   helm repo add grafana https://grafana.github.io/helm-charts
   ```

> 1. Deploy the `loki-stack`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Deploy the `loki-stack` helm chart.
```

   ```console
   helm install scalar-logging-loki grafana/loki-stack -n monitoring -f scalar-loki-stack-custom-values.yaml
   ```

> ## Step 3. Access Dashboards

Reviewer: the Dashboards? or the dashboard?
(do we need `the`, should it be a plural or singular?

Author: I think maybe we can use `Access the Grafana dashboard` here.
Let me revise it.

Author: Revised in https://github.com/scalar-labs/helm-charts/pull/87/commits/dca34373ad8ae165792e9ed3a5bcac6d17af128d

> 1. Access log browser

Reviewer: Log browser? or the dashboard? (or the dashboards?)
I think we should use consistent names.

Author: I guess maybe `Add Loki as a datasource` is more correct here.

Author: Revised in https://github.com/scalar-labs/helm-charts/pull/87/commits/dca34373ad8ae165792e9ed3a5bcac6d17af128d

   - Go to Grafana http://localhost:3000
   - Move to `Configuration` and choose `Data Sources`
   - Click `Add data source`
   - Select `Loki`
   - Input `http://scalar-logging-loki:3100` to URL
   - Click `Save and test`
   - Go to `Explore` to find the added Loki

> ## Step 4. Delete `loki-stack`

Reviewer: Ditto.

Author: Is it ok to keep `Delete loki-stack` to be consistent with
```
## Step 2. Deploy `loki-stack`
```
?

Reviewer: I meant
```suggestion
## Step 4. Delete the `loki-stack` helm chart
```
for consistency.

1. Uninstall `loki-stack` from minikube.
   ```console

>    helm uninstall scalar-logging-loki

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   helm uninstall scalar-logging-loki -n monitoring
```
Sorry for overlooking this in the first review. 
In this guide, we deploy loki-stack into the `monitoring` namespace.
So, we need to specify the namespace `monitoring`, when we delete it.
(The same issue exists in the Getting Started Guide with Prometheus Operator. I will fix it in the another PR.)

Author: Thank you for the catch!
